The New Moon
I've been looking for you for a long time in the new moon, husband, I've said in public to call me "ministry."
What happened to the new moon? Did I make you unhappy?
Let me tell you something.
You can be much better than Jiang Tam Duyet s daughters, so throw him away?
Am I not good enough?
Don't worry, honey.
Although the girls of Jiang Tam Duyet came out
But people's houses are big.
You wait for your brother to catch him.
They won't feed you anymore.
Hahaha, it's waiting for you.
You shit, you don't have a problem.
Go before the project is over or don't have these question marks.
I just can't believe you're such a scum.
No.
It's none of your business.
Isn't this General Director Ha and Hui Cong?
What are you doing here?
General Director Jiang, whatever you come to do, we come to do.
It's funny, the construction of the river crossing bridge and our Giang Vinh Group's new landmark project have been completed.
You're here to eat our leftovers?
Coincidentally, our Hengtai's new landmark project has also come to an end.
Probably overtime.
How can those defective products made by your temporary stuffing be compared to our extremes?
Whose product is faulty?
I think you'll find out soon enough.
But compared to bidding
I advise you to pray.
River crossing bridge
What are you talking about?
The river crossing was designed by me.
Strong.
How could there be a problem?
You're welcome.
Something happened at the river crossing.